.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

🔵 **Describe the bug:**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

🔵 **To reproduce:**
Steps to reproduce the behavior.
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

🔵 **The error:**
Paste the error message in this blockquote.
```

```

🔵 **Screenshots:**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

🔵 **Expected behavior:**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

🔵 **GSE.lua file:**
Please provide your `GSE.lua` file or the export string for the specific macro that is causing an issue. 
- _To find the GSE.lua file_
- _First, make sure you have enabled the "File Name Extensions" checkbox in Explorer (View tab)_
- _Browse to `C:\path\to\wow\_retail_\WTF\Account\YourAccountName\SavedVariables\` or `/path/to/WoW_retail_/WTF/Account/YourAccountName/SavedVariables`_
- _Copy the `GSE.lua` file to your Desktop_
- _Rename this copy to `GSA.lua.txt`_
- _Then just drag it here in your message_

🔵 **Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. Windows 10 64bit]
 - Game Version [e.g. classic/bcc/retail (9.1.0)]

🔵 **GSE Version:**
 - Version: [e.g. 3.x.y]
 - Downloaded From: [e.g. https://www.curseforge.com]

🔵 **Additional context:**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

Update issue templates
Add note about including the GSE.lua file.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

🔵 **Describe the bug:**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

🔵 **To reproduce:**
Steps to reproduce the behavior.
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

🔵 **The error:**
Paste the error message in this blockquote.
```

```

🔵 **Screenshots:**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

🔵 **Expected behavior:**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

🔵 **GSE.lua file:**
Please provide your `GSE.lua` file or the export string for the specific macro that is causing an issue. 
- _To find the GSE.lua file_
- _First, make sure you have enabled the "File Name Extensions" checkbox in Explorer (View tab)_
- _Browse to `C:\path\to\wow\_retail_\WTF\Account\YourAccountName\SavedVariables\` or `/path/to/WoW_retail_/WTF/Account/YourAccountName/SavedVariables`_
- _Copy the `GSE.lua` file to your Desktop_
- _Rename this copy to `GSA.lua.txt`_
- _Then just drag it here in your message_
**Note: If you do not include your GSE.lua file you are wasting your time and mine.  The first thing I will ask for is "Can you please upload your GSE.lua file?"**

🔵 **Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. Windows 10 64bit]
 - Game Version [e.g. classic/bcc/retail (9.1.0)]

🔵 **GSE Version:**
 - Version: [e.g. 3.x.y]
 - Downloaded From: [e.g. https://www.curseforge.com]

🔵 **Additional context:**
Add any other context about the problem here.
